Use single quote as apostrophe (#3395)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_cloning_satellite_server.adoc

. Back up the source server.
. Clone the source server to the target server.
. Power off the source server.

> . Update the network configuration on the target server to match the target server's IP address with its new host name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update the network configuration on the target server to match the IP address of the target server with its new host name.
```

Author: Applied.

. Click *Refresh* and then click *Close* to return to the list of subscriptions.
. Verify that the available subscriptions are correct.
. Follow the instructions in the `/usr/share/satellite-clone/logs/reassociate_capsules.txt` file to restore the associations between {SmartProxies} and their lifecycle environments.

> . Update your network configuration, for example, DNS, to match the target server's IP address with its new host name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update your network configuration, for example, DNS, to match the IP address of the target server with its new host name.
```

Author: Applied.
